Only India in 2017 and the great Australia side of 2004 have come to Sri Lanka and left with a 3-0 scoreline. Both were the number-one ranked Test side when they did, so it is perhaps fair to reflect that one-sided success here is a good gauge on a team's worth.

Regardless of whether England win this final Test in Colombo, they will move to second in the world ranking, leap-frogging South Africa, with India still out in front. Not bad considering at the start of August England were languishing in fifth.

They last achieved the feat in 2011 before losing the ICC Test mace outright a year later to South Africa at the end of the 2012 summer. England often chart their path to the top, and that side seven years ago was the perfect mix of superstars and rocksteady accumulators all peaking at the right time.

This current squad may lack a bit of star quality and self-assurance, but there is a feeling among the camp, palpable on the outside, that they believe they are onto something.

"From the start we tried to plan out how to get there over a period of time and we're pretty much on track to where we want to get to."

In the past, England sides have taken their foot off the gas with the series won with a game to play. However, there is little indication this fixture, the last Test of the year, will be approached with anything resembling kid gloves.

The two changes are not for show. James Anderson rested for Stuart Broad is 565 for 433 Test wickets. Jonny Bairstow's prospective runs will, at least on ability, match those from allrounder Sam Curran this series who has not been relied upon to bowl much at all.

Both incomers, in their own ways, have something to prove. Bairstow has a place to regain and a number three spot to make his own. For Broad, it is that he can be an asset overseas, particularly in this part of the world. And beyond.

Despite only being 32, four years younger than Anderson, Broad is often spoken of as the veteran: the one just a few series away from retirement. It is easy to decry the Nottinghamshire quick, even with his body of work. In any other era, he would be the leading light. But with an English great still active at the other end, Broad's quality stands out much less than it would alongside almost any other to take the new ball for England. He still has Root's unequivocal support.

"He's still one of England's best bowlers - I genuinely believe that. We've had to be quite cute and smart about exploiting these conditions here and we'll have to do the same later on in the West Indies. I'm very aware how talented the group is and how talented our two senior guys are.

"We generally get very excited about wishing people retirement and I think with those two in particular (Anderson and Broad) we have to make the most of them while we can, be smart about managing and see how long they can go for. They both look on top of their game at the moment, if you ask me. As far as I'm concerned I want to get the most out of them for as long as we can."

As a collective, it is a chance to end 2018 on a high having started it in the pits.

Defeat in the final Ashes Test in Sydney was the least of Root's immediate worries as he lay in the dressing room, flat on his back, crook to high heaven. The next series to follow wasn't much better as England lost 1-0 across two Tests to New Zealand and then started the home summer with defeat to Pakistan at Lord's.

Since then, Root has led his side to seven out of eight wins. On the eve of what could be their eighth, he is able to reflect on just how this turnaround has come about. Some players have not lasted the course. Others have come in. But, to a man, they have tried to embrace a way of playing the longest format that is starting to gain traction.

"It's been quite a journey for the group of players. We did start the year in difficult circumstances and weren't playing our best cricket but we've found a way to get to a really strong position.

"There's been a few changes along the way but as a group we've found a way we want to go about things. It's been really pleasing that everyone has bought into that and given us a great opportunity to hopefully win this series 3-0."

Training on Thursday was optional, not least because of the amount of cricket that has been played - both competitive and training - in sweltering conditions on this trip. Around five or six England players, including Root and Broad, were on hand to fine tune before Friday. Both are aware of the history in the background: Broad returning to the scene of his Test debut back in 2007. And Root, looking to lead a third side to a 3-0 win.

"There's only been two other sides who have won 3-0 out here in Test cricket so it would be a brilliant achievement which would fill us with a huge amount of confidence going into the rest of the winter."