Bangladesh batsman Mominul Haque has brushed aside comparisons with teammate Tamim Iqbal and Indian batting star Virat Kohli after his scintillating hundred on the opening day of the first Test against Windies. Mominul has made the Zahur Ahmed Chowdhury Stadium in Chittagong his favourite hunting ground, having already scored two hundreds against Sri Lanka at this venue in the same Test earlier this year. This was his fourth Test hundred in 2018 - equalling Kohli's tally.

"If you think you will score a hundred then you will add pressure so there is nothing like I come here to bat with the expectation of scoring a hundred," Mominul said after the day's play on Thursday (November 22). "Compared to (the) other wickets this one is a bit slower and takes more turn. The ones I played on before were flat and did not spin much. The ball stays low.

"Talking of Tamim bhai, there is no question of comparing me with him," Mominul pointed out. "He is on another level in world cricket. I don't think it's right to compare with him, and Virat Kohli is even higher. I don't think about these things. The year is not over yet, there are Tests left, the second innings and the second Test. So instead of thinking about that, I think about how to improve and contribute to the team as much as I can."

Mominul was busy right from the start. Negating the angle created by Shannon Gabriel from around the wicket, he looked to bring out the pull shot whenever possible and kept milking the spinners, ensuring the run-rate hovered around 4 initially. The 27-year-old managed to combat the Windies' ploy of taking the ball away from him while bowling around the wicket.

"I did not have any special plan," he noted. "I just wanted to play ball by ball, never plan, just try to play ball by ball. I especially concentrate on playing session by session. Before going out [for the second session] I thought that I should play out this session, that's how I think. If I think about taking the team to safety, it really doesn't work that way."

The left-hander was caught behind off Gabriel for a 167-ball 120 and his dismissal did trigger a collapse as Bangladesh lost four wickets for the addition of just 13 runs at one stage before recovering to finish the day at 315 for 8. Mominul acknowledged that his side could have been in a much stronger position had he managed to survive at that point against a menacing Gabriel, who picked up four wickets.

"Regrets are always there. In the previous Test I got out for 160, and if you don't have regret or the hunger to perform better, you will stall - the player will have less chance of doing well. Whether you are out for 0 or 100, if you are out there is always regret," said Mominul.

"I think there is only one explanation - if I didn't get out, if I didn't play that bad shot, I think the whole blame falls on me, that's the way I am thinking. He (Gabriel) probably would have bowled two more overs in that spell and [if I didn't get out] maybe we could have been in a stronger position at the end of the day, maybe for the loss of one more wicket. If I didn't get out then, maybe the other wickets wouldn't have fallen - Mushfiq bhai wouldn't have gotten out, neither Riyad bhai nor Shakib bhai. So I think my dismissal was costly."

Mominul's purple patch has coincided with former coach Chandika Hathurusingha's departure. Even though he had a dull series in the Caribbean, Mominul has predominantly been scoring runs after a mix-up with the former coach that saw him initially get dropped from the team for the first Test against Australia before getting reinstated. In the following game, he was demoted to number eight but the batsman believes that those moments helped him improve.

"There was nothing to show or point to prove," he stated. "Maybe that was good for me - people encounter small struggles in life and it is up to what you can learn from that struggle. I never thought of it in the way that I have a point to prove to Hathurusingha. At the end of the day I am the one who has to perform on the field and play for the Bangladesh team. I think about trying to play good cricket."