"If we don't try then we don't know".

Joe Root was assertive in his belief that Jonny Bairstow could make number three his own. But if there was a sentence to sum up where England are with the position right now, well, there it is.

Bairstow will become the fifth number three used in the last five Tests. And while one (Keaton Jennings) came about through the use of a nightwatchman as opener, the other three - the England captain, Moeen Ali and Ben Stokes - were all viewed as legitimate options.

Root headed off the insinuation that the number of occupants spoke of a degree of discombobulation by reminding the room that England won all five of those Tests. But it is worth noting the highest score achieved in this time was a 50 in the first innings of the Oval Test against India. The man who registered it - Moeen - has now been all-but ruled out of the job after scores of nought and three in the first Sri Lanka Test. He now averages 14 in the top three.

No.3 has always been regarded as a position of certainty. It asks of immense powers of concentration and clarity of thought given the vast unpredictability of when the batsman is required - be it second ball or second day. Those up to the task - certainly those successful in the role - are usually the "uber" batsmen: absolute creatures of habit and set in their ways almost to a fault. Has there ever been a blase number three that has made the position work?

Root names Jonathan Trott as the best one he has worked with. "He was extremely consistent and had a very clear way of how he was going to score his runs." Though there are two players in the side who can match those traits, both have been tried and, one way or another, deemed unsuitable.

One of those is Root himself. A staggeringly good 15th Test hundred - his best, you could argue - helped seal victory last week in Pallekele to wrap up the series. Ironically, he came out at four - Jack Leach opened the innings as nightwatchman - to break-up the left-handers up top. The kicker, he revealed, was ample enough break between the end of Sri Lanka's innings (the night before) giving him the chance to mentally regroup after captaincy duties.

"It is for now," said Root when asked if his association at first-drop had come to an end. "I do feel really settled at number four. Having experienced both, having that little bit more time to gather my thoughts and to be really clear on my job as a batsman and then when it comes to the captaincy side of things, it gives me a bit more thinking time to be ready to go and score runs for England."

Then there is the case of Stokes, the team's Hollywood allrounder that, all told, could don a number of hats and pull them off. There is a working theory, still very much in its infancy, that he could fashion himself into a brilliant new ball bowler, at least until England find a worthy replacement after James Anderson decides to call it quits.

For now, though, the desire to utilise Stokes as a blood-and-thunder allrounder means allowing him to express himself in the middle order and still have time to recover from his exertions in the field. As his run out and excellent work at slip showed in the second Test, he doesn't need to be bowling to be in the game.

"We could have kept Ben at number three. But I made the decision that I like the look of that middle order. It looks very intimidating and I think over the last couple of months - last summer and on this trip - one of our big strengths has been to pack that middle order with our best players, our in-form players, and we've seen the rewards for it with the amount of runs we've got down the back-end of an innings."

"Long-term as well, he's going to be bowling more in an English summer. His workload and the rest of it will have an impact. Although it wouldn't be impossible for him - he's a very fit guy, very able to do so - it might be a better formula to have him in the middle-order."

Which brings us to Jonny Bairstow. Now without the gloves and a starting position, the incentive is clear. A mixed couple of years after a bumper 2016 has seen his career average dip to 37. It was telling that, even with the neat excuse of an ankle injury to justify an XI unchanged from the Galle Test which Bairstow missed, he was officially declared fit, available for selection and not selected.

He'll have to do without the gloves, perhaps permanently barring injury given how well Ben Foakes has acquitted himself since coming in as Bairstow's replacement. The glovework has been immaculate and the batting, well, no one in the series has currently scored more than the Surrey keeper.

But Root knows the character he is dealing with and is in no uncertain terms that, like opening the batting for the ODI side and indeed keeping as a middle order player in Tests, his Yorkshire teammate will throw himself into this new challenge. And probably pull it off.

"In Jonny's personal case, it's an opportunity for him to trying to nail that spot down.

"He's more than capable of doing it. Bats at the top of the order in one-day cricket. One thing we all know about Jonny is whenever he's got a point to prove or up against it, he generally comes out and does something pretty special."

Even with talk about how dexterous England's batting line-up is, and Root's own assertion that number three need not be set in stone, the hope is Bairstow could bring stability to the role. It is dressed up, justifiably, as the chance for the 29-year-old to "take his batting to another level". As Root points out, Bairstow has been "statistically one of the top 10 players in the world in Test cricket".

The dip, particularly this year in which he has averages 26.88 - the lowest of any calendar year in which he has played a Test - is partly to do with injury. A new mantle may just be what he and England need.

"It would be nice to see him really grab number three by the scruff of the neck and use it as an opportunity to start really consistently scoring big runs in this format," said Root.

"He's an experienced player in this format. He's had good experience at the top of the order in white ball cricket. Combined, you'd like to think he's got everything there to make No.3 a long-term option for him."