Bans imposed on Steven Smith, David Warner and Cameron Bancroft will not be amended, confirmed Cricket Australia. An official statement from the board came as a response to Australian Cricketers' Association's plea to bring the trio back before their original bans would end.

As it stands, Smith and Warner can make a comeback only after March 29, 2019, which puts them out of contention for home Tests against India that begins in December this year. Bancroft's ban will end on December 29.

Following the Longstaff review, that squared some blame on the board for creating a 'win without counting costs' culture that they reckoned led the banned trio to indulge in the transgression, ACA had made the plea. CA however has dismissed it saying, it wouldn't be "appropriate" to do so.

"The Cricket Australia Board has carefully considered all elements of the ACA submission and has determined that it is not appropriate to make any changes to the sanctions handed down to the three players," CA Interim Chair Earl Eddings said.

"Despite the absence of any recommendation regarding the sanctions in the recently released Ethics Centre Review, the Board has deliberated on the ACA's submission at length. We have reconsidered the sanctions as they apply to each of Steve, David and Cameron in light of the ACA's submission and the Ethics Centre Review and Recommendations.

"The original decision of the Board to sanction the players was determined after rigorous discussion and consideration. CA maintains that both the length and nature of the sanctions remain an appropriate response in light of the considerable impact on the reputation of Australian cricket, here and abroad," Eddings said.

"Steve, David and Cameron are working hard to demonstrate their commitment to cricket and have our continued support to ensure their pathway to return is as smooth as possible.

Eddings also effectively put an end to any chance of further deliberation and back-and-forth with the ACA on this matter.

"We believe the ongoing conversation about reducing the sanctions puts undue pressure on the three players - all of whom accepted the sanctions earlier this year - and the Australian men's cricket team. As such, the Cricket Australia Board doesn't intend to consider further calls for amendments to the sanctions.

"Though we recognise that this decision will be disappointing for the ACA, we thank them for their submission. Our commitment to continue building a strong relationship between CA and the ACA in the interests of cricket in Australia remains and we look forward to meeting with them shortly to that end," Eddings said.