Fit-again and rehabilitated Usman Khawaja has expressed his openness to slot in wherever his Test captain Tim Paine needs him to, in the upcoming four-match Test series at home against India. Khawaja opened in the first Test against Pakistan in UAE and put in a match-saving performance, but was subsequently relegated to the sidelines because of a meniscal tear that has needed surgery.

Though he has recovered in time to be part of Australia's 14-man squad, he has competition for his top-of-the order spot. Victoria opener Marcus Harris was rewarded with a maiden call-up for his excellent consistent performances in the ongoing Sheffield Shield, where he's the second highest run-getter with 437 runs in six innings at 55.52, including a highest score of an unbeaten 250. There's also Aaron Finch, who opened in both the Tests in UAE.

Though the limited-overs captain has played in the middle-order for his state side Victoria only recently, Paine threw his weight behind Finch the opener in Tests and reckoned he'd earned his spot at the top.

"I'm happy to bat wherever. I've said that to Painey. He (Harris) is obviously an opener. I expect him to open," Khawaja said.

On his comeback trail, Khawaja has spent hours training and getting match-ready, and will now turn out for Queensland against Finch's side in the next round of Sheffield Shield, starting from November 27. Khawaja also had the option of featuring for Australia XI in the tour game against India A from November 29, but he opted to play for his state side instead.

"I'm fine right now. It's just about playing some cricket now. It's feeling alright at training. I've done as much as I can at training so hopefully, fingers crossed, it keeps going well.

"I've had a pretty high workload the last two weeks; batted, ran, fielded. Everything is going well thus far. I've had a few opportunities to possibly play other games that are going on this week but I really wanted to play Shield cricket. I want to play for my state," he said.

The four-match Test series against India will commence in Adelaide from December 6.