Heather Knight, the England captain, praised the inexperienced players for stepping up brilliantly and powering the side to their fourth final of the ICC Women's World T20. However, her side couldn't cross the final hurdle as they hurtled to a eight-wicket loss in the summit clash against Australia in Antigua. England also missed the chance of emulating their predecessors from 2009, who went on to hold both the white-ball titles at the same time.

England entered the World Cup without two of their experienced players - Sarah Taylor (anxiety issues) and Katherine Brunt (back injury), but the youngsters covered up for their absence admirably.

Sophie Ecclestone, the left-arm spinner from Lancashire, who made her international debut at the age of just 17, bowled a brilliant spell in the final, returning figures of 1 for 12. Kirstie Gordon, the left-armer, who has also played for Scotland, ended up with eight wickets at an impressive average of just over 12. Meanwhile, Natalie Sciver, the all rounder, continued to make vital contributions, taking four wickets and compiling 83 runs.

"We came in a lot of inexperience and some of the girls that have come in stepped up brilliantly," Knight said. "Sophie Ecclestone, she's been around a year, what a spell from her tonight. She gave us a chance - well, not a chance, but she bowled brilliantly, I thought. Kirstie Gordon has been a real find and Sophia Dunkley as well. It's been a great experience for those girls, it'll make them better players in the future."

Knight also congratulated the Australian team for putting up a clinical show in the final. This was the third time that England had slipped to a defeat in the final of World T20 against their arch-rivals. "Congratulations to them, it was not to be," Knight noted. "It's quite raw at the moment, we'll take time to reflect and work out where we go forward as a team, because we've got a massive year next year, with an Ashes series to look forward to. So we'll reassess and move on."

Knight also pointed out that the track for the final was a good cricket wicket, where the batters could play their shots. "It was a much better pitch than the semi-final - it skidded on a lot more," Knight said. "Danni Wyatt [43 from 37 balls] started brilliantly, played with freedom which gave us a bit of momentum, but we kept losing wickets at key times and weren't able to post a total that was competitive.

"We wanted to put runs on the board, we knew there'd be a bit of dew and we thought it would skid on a lot more. We didn't adapt to conditions as well as we could, in terms of areas we hit, and wickets we lost, but I'm proud of the girls for reaching another world final."