Bangladesh spinner Naeem Hasan stressed the hosts have got the arsenal to defend anything above 150 in the opening Test. Bangladesh slipped to 55 for 5 but a poor show from Windies in the first innings meant they were able to stretch their overall lead to 133.

Hasan bagged a five-wicket haul to keep Windies to 246 and was well supported by Shakib al Hasan. "We still haven't been bowled out. If we can play well, the score might reach 300-350. We might get all-out for a small total as well. If the score is big, then it will become easy for us bowlers," Hasan said on Friday (November 23). "If we bowl in good areas, then it would be tough for them to score even 150 runs."

"Our goal is to bat as long as possible. We will defend whatever the score we get, because it's a spinning wicket and we have a good spinner in Shakib, Taijul, and Miraj. Hopefully, we will not have problems."

After bagging a handy first-innings lead, Jomel Warrican and Roston Chase shared four wickets between them to keep the hosts in check. Bangladesh were 32 for 2 but slipped from there after the poor stroke from Shakib. Dowrich too felt Windies will struggle to chase anything beyond 200 as the track continues to deteriorate. The Windies keeper, however, felt the game is evenly poised and could swing on either direction on the third day.

"I think it's pretty even right now. Bangladesh already have a lead and a lead on the board is always a challenge. But I think once we go hard in the morning and get those wickets as early as possible and bat well in the second innings, we could also come out winning," he pointed out. "I think it puts us in a good stead. Obviously, we didn't bat as well as we would like, but we still put up a good fight, me and Hetmyer put up a good partnership. Obviously those quick wickets put us back in it. Once we get the five wickets in the morning, we'll be in with a shout.

"On this pitch it is hard to say. I'd say anything under 200 is possible. Anything over 200 might be difficult."