An emotional Jonny Bairstow says the motivation of proving things to himself while proving others wrong spurred his sixth and perhaps most important Test hundred of his career.

Now without the gloves and, this time last week, out of the side, Bairstow was in a delicate position. Not only was he not required, but he was also not missed as England sealed the series against Sri Lanka with convincing wins in the first two Tests.

An ankle injury sustained during the ODI series saw him lose a spot that, for the last three years, had been his. But given the chance to bat at number three, he made no mistake in taking this opportunity. His 110 put England in a steady position that, going into day two, sees them 312 for seven in their first innings.

"People have opinions on different matters," said Bairstow. "As long as I'm proving things to myself and as long as you're improving along the way (that's all that matters). There's a lot of internal self-drive that goes on with playing professional sport.

"You've got to sometimes take everything on the exterior: what people write, what people say, people's opinions and park that. Sometimes use it as a motivator but also it's the internal drive of what you're doing it for and who you're doing it for, that goes a long way."

In doing it for himself after the days of rehab in the nets and the gym, followed by the nights of rehab sleeping with various ice machines to reduce the swelling in his right ankle, he was also doing it with two other people in mind.

In the last couple of weeks, two people close to Bairstow have passed away. One, Chris Allinson, was a teammate of his throughout the Yorkshire Academy.

"Two friends unfortunately have passed away over the past couple of weeks," revealed Bairstow. "They've been close to some friends back home. It puts things hugely into perspective."

When asked about how he has coped with the losses, Bairstow was pragmatic: "You're there for your friends back home, aren't you?" But the drive to continue on and not let injury add to his misery contributed not just to the bloody-minded way he approached this innings but also the emotional roar that came when he brought up three figures.

"It's the hard work you put in behind the scenes that no-one sees. The sleeping on ice machines, the rehab you put in. It would've been quite easy to say 'I'm not fit'.

"That's the bit that means the most out there. The days when things aren't going well for your mates back home.

"You could quite easily take your bat home for whatever's gone on but putting things in perspective and what have you over the last couple of weeks has been massive."