Despite Bangladesh managing to take a hefty lead heading into Day 4 of the second Test against Zimbabwe, Brendan Taylor believes that the visiting team can make a comeback although he did concede that they are up against a "monumental challenge" to even secure a draw. Taylor scored a fighting 110 and was involved in a 139-run stand with Peter Moor (83). But Taijul Islam's third successive five-wicket haul ensured an early end to Zimbabwe's innings as they were bowled out for 304 to concede a 218-run lead.

Zimbabwe are facing an uphill task to remain in the game but Taylor banks on the mental strength of his team to come out of it unscathed. "It's not over. It's certainly not. But it's going to be a monumental challenge for us to even draw this game. We've batted 105 overs. If we bat four sessions, that's 120 overs on day five. Realistically, it will be a miracle for us to draw this game, but we have to have the belief that we have the batters and mental strength to do that," said Taylor.

"I can't tell you what it will mean for us. It will be an incredible feeling and a wonderful achievement. Bangladesh have generally dominated us in Bangladesh for years. So even just to get a Test win, that was huge in Khulna. That's something that I will cherish for a long time. There's a lot to play for. The discussion tonight will be that we have a lot to play for. There's no lying down and giving up, we have to keep fighting," he added.

While the hosts are yet to take a decision on whether to enforce the follow-on, Taylor said if he was in Bangladesh's decision-making shoes, he would certainly ask Zimbabwe to bat again. "We're still behind. They're 220 runs ahead. If I was Bangladesh I would bowl again because even if we get 300, Bangladesh chase 80. They might want to bat for two sessions, and we're certainly behind. When a team gets 500, they very seldom lose. We needed to get at least 400-450 in this innings to give ourselves a real chance.

"We have to show a lot of character in our second innings, whenever that is, to try and win the series. Because it's only going to get harder from tomorrow. If we go into day five, the wicket's going to break up and it will make life extremely difficult. If Taijul gets five wickets in the first innings, second innings he's going to be even harder to face," noted Taylor.

The former Zimbabwe skipper said he was happy with his efforts with the bat, "thrilled" that his first overseas ton came against a "world class spin attack". However, he again reflected on Zimbabwe's position in this Test by mentioning that it would take quite an effort from his team to overcome the Bangladesh spin attack.

"It is a good feeling. The last few years, the three-Test match series in 2014 was a tough series, and it always is tough playing here against a world class spin attack. So I'm thrilled with that, but we're still a long way behind in the game. When Bangladesh have 500, it's very hard to lose from that position. So we've got a lot to play for still," said Taylor.

"Obviously I've played more Test matches against Bangladesh, but I've always felt they're one of the harder teams to play because of their spinners. Over the years Razzak, Shakib, even Mohammed Rafique, they've always been a tough challenge, whether we play in Harare or Bulawayo, it's always tough. So today is probably one of my better ones. Hopefully we can take something out of the game and bat as long as we can when it's going to be very difficult," he concluded.