Aaron Finch, Australia's limited-overs captain, has backed the national side to turn their sagging fortunes around ahead of the three-match T20I series versus the formidable Indian side.

Australia were whitewashed 0-3 by Pakistan in the T20I series in UAE and also slipped to a 21-run loss against South Africa in a T20I game at the Carrara Oval last week. After Australia's loss in the one-off game, Faf du Plessis, the South African captain, had said that the home side was "tame" on the field.

Incidentally, under Langer's tenure as the head coach, Australia haven't yet won a series across the three formats of the game. However, Finch sounded confident of playing a positive brand of cricket in the upcoming series against the No. 2 ranked T20I side. "We're still very confident in this format," the Australian captain told reporters.

"It's going to be a great opportunity for us to come out and express ourselves, play some great attacking cricket, take the game on and really try and take it to India. India are in great form and we feel as though we've been building really nicely without getting results going our way so far. So it'll be good fun," he added.

Finch also has to worry about his own form. The aggressive opener accrued just four runs in the three-match T20I rubber versus Pakistan. He was also dismissed cheaply for just seven runs in the one-off game against South Africa. Finch noted that the hard grind of playing non-stop cricket took its toll on him.

"When you've been playing non-stop it can be difficult to get an amount of training time to work on your game and adjust some things that need a little bit of tinkering. So I think having these last few days to get a couple of really long hits in and feel like my technique was coming back to normal. I don't think I was batting badly in the one day series, a poor shot, chopped on in Adelaide and should've reviewed one in Perth. That kind of stuff happens when you're going through a little tough patch, but it won't last long.

"It's been difficult mentally more than anything. Being home for two weeks in eight months is tough, so at times that start to wear you down mentally. It was great to have two days at home before this, just to refresh, recharge the batteries and be able to come up here with a clear mind again. Being on tour for so long, days can just roll into one. You wake up, you go to training, do your recovery," he said.

Finch also acknowledged India as a powerhouse, especially in the batting department. Virat Kohli has been in prime form evidenced by the fact that he has notched up a whopping 2411 runs across the three formats of the game this year.

Rohit Sharma, the opener, has also been in impressive touch, having scored two hundreds in his last four T20Is. Shikhar Dhawan and KL Rahul are the other mainstays of the Indian batting line-up in the shortest format of the game. "You can't underestimate anyone in the Indian side. Obviously, Virat is probably the best player in the world at the moment and has been for some time in the two shorter formats in particular.

"They've got dangerous guys all through. You've got guys who've made double hundreds in one-day cricket and played so much T20 cricket and are so experienced that if you take them for granted, they'll hurt you badly. There's obviously been a bit of focus around Virat, but no more than Rohit, Shikhar (Dhawan) or KL, or any of these guys who can be as damaging as anyone on their day," he noted.

The first T20I of the series will be played at the Gabba in Brisbane on November 21. The second and third games of the rubber will take place at the MCG and SCG on November 23 and 25 respectively.