India Women's decision to bench Mithali Raj on a tricky Antigua surface in the ICC World T20 semifinal clash against England was the cause of endless chatter among fans after India's embarrassing loss. TOI is in possession of the manager's report following the selection meeting that took place after the first semifinal between Australia and the West Indies that the former won by 71 runs.

The team management took the decision to finalise the playing XI only "after watching how the wicket behaved in the first semifinal", especially because the selectors would be in attendance for the game and could help pick the right combination. At 6 pm on Friday, post the training session, captain Harmanpreet Kaur, vice-captain Smriti Mandhana, coach Ramesh Powar and selector Sudha Shah met to finalise the playing XI, and participated in the decision to drop Raj.

Raj had scored back-to-back half-centuries in the matches against Pakistan and Ireland before being rested for the final group game against Australia due to a niggle. "I, as manager, convened the meeting. They (captain, coach and selector) discussed the wicket and the coach expressed that the same winning combination against Australia should play. Harman and Smriti shared the same view and also told the selector, Sudha Shah, that an extra bowler would help the team," team manager Trupti Bhattacharya wrote in her report about decisions taken ahead of the game.

Bhattacharya added in her note: "Sudha Shah agreed to the XI and did not express anything".

However, the manager's report is now expected to raise controversy as the team takes a long flight back home, ruing an opportunity missed.

Skipper Harmanpreet continued to insist that all was well within the India camp and defended the decision after the game. "Whatever we decided, we decided for the team. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't, no regrets," she had said after an eight wicket loss to England, who progressed to the final.

Opting to bat first, India dramatically collapsed from 89 for 2 to 112 all out in 19.3 overs, a total England scaled with 17 balls to spare, to crash out of the competition. This was India's first semifinal appearance in WWT20 since 2010, and third overall.