Australia have rewarded Victoria opener Marcus Harris for his consistency in domestic cricket with a maiden call-up to the Test squad for the first-two of the four-match series against India, starting December 6 in Adelaide. Peter Handscomb, who missed out on the series against Pakistan in UAE, has been recalled into the 14-member squad while, Matt Renshaw continues to be overlooked.

Harris is currently the second-highest run-getter in the ongoing Sheffield Shield 2018-19 season, with an aggregate of 437 runs in six innings and a personal best of 250 not out. National selector Trevor Hohns said Harris has shown that he is mentally prepared for top-flight cricket.

"Marcus Harris has forced his way into the squad after an impressive start to the Sheffield Shield campaign for Victoria, and in recent times has performed in high pressure matches, including Sheffield Shield finals. Not only has he made plenty of runs, he's displayed the mental application we believe is required to compete at Test cricket."

Chris Tremain, the second Victorian called-up, has also worked his way back through consistent performances this Shield season. The fast bowler is the second-leading wicket-taker with 24 scalps - that includes three fifers in eight innings - at an average of 20.25 and economy of 3.28.

"Chris Tremain has also been performing consistently with the ball for Victoria. His form in the Sheffield Shield has seen him become the second highest wicket taker in the competition this season. He has also been a consistent wicket taker over the past two seasons, and thoroughly deserves his place in the squad," Hohns noted.

Meanwhile, Usman Khawaja has managed to retain his spot in the squad despite facing a real test against time to be match-fit ahead of the home series. Khawaja, who impressed on UAE's turning tracks against Pakistan, also suffered a meniscal tear on the tour. The 31-year-old subsequently underwent a knee surgery in October. He's likely to feature for Queensland in the Shield round before heading to Adelaide.

"We've been really impressed with the way Usman Khawaja has applied himself through his rehabilitation and he's left no stone unturned in his bid to return in Adelaide," Hohns said. "Barring any set-backs, all the signs are indicating he will be available for the first Test. We saw how well he performed against Pakistan in the UAE, and we hope he can recapture that form over the summer."

Cricket Australia have stated that a 12-man shortlist will be announced ahead of the each match, with the remaining two players being subsequently released for Shield games. The 14 selected players have one more round of Shield before the Test series opener to strengthen their bid for a place in the eleven.

"We will select a final team of 12 prior to each Test, and the two remaining squad members will be released to get important match time in the Sheffield Shield," Hohns revealed. "We believe all players chosen deserve their selection in the squad, and we're confident given the opportunity all will apply themselves well against India."

"With another round of Sheffield Shield matches to play, players have the chance to strengthen their cases for selection before we finalise the 12 in the lead up to the first Test," he added.

Australia squad for first-two Tests vs India: Pat Cummins, Aaron Finch, Peter Handscomb, Marcus Harris, Josh Hazlewood (VC), Travis Head, Usman Khawaja, Nathan Lyon, Mitchell Marsh (VC), Shaun Marsh, Tim Paine (C), Peter Siddle, Mitchell Starc, Chris Tremain