Zimbabwe skipper Hamilton Masakadza believes the two-match Test series against Bangladesh has hardened them as a Test unit. Despite losing the second Test, Zimbabwe will take heart from the fact that they drew the series 1-1, something that not many had predicted considering Bangladesh's strength at home. Following the conclusion of the second Test, Masakadza said that there are plenty of positives to pick for Zimbabwe after making an impression in spin-friendly conditions.

"I think the biggest thing for us is the way the guys played in both Tests just showed us what we can do as a team," Masakadza said. "It will give us a lot of confidence going forward. Having been in battles like this really hardens you, and you come out the better from it on the other side.

"That's the biggest lesson and the biggest positive for us, that we came and showed what we can do in foreign conditions - conditions that have been really hard for pretty much everyone around the world. We came and really competed and took the game to Bangladesh. So that's really positive and big for us."

Masakadza reserved special praise for veteran batsman Brendan Taylor, who scored hundreds in both the innings of the Test. After scoring 110 in the first innings, Taylor remained unbeaten on 106 with wickets falling around him as Zimbabwe eventually lost the match by 218 runs. The skipper also mentioned how a target of 320 could have been achievable on this surface. But with the visitors chasing a daunting 443 for the win, they were always under the pump on a fifth day surface against the hosts' spin attack.

"A world-class performance from a world-class player there in Brendan Taylor in this game. He really showed the way of how to bat in these conditions," Masakadza pointed out. "That was really impressive from him, the way he batted in both innings. Kyle Jarvis also bowled really well.

"Even in Sylhet, Tendai Chatara. The seamers have got us wickets early in every game, and the spinners came into it in the first match with Brandon, my brother and Sikander bowling really well. If we had managed to build on that four wickets, we might have managed to keep them down to something sort of 320-350 which we would definitely have fancied our chances of getting.

"That wicket didn't really deteriorate or misbehave as much as we expected it to, or as much as it normally does. If we'd managed to get a few more after they were four down, we could have had them under pressure," he observed.

Masakadza also refused to point fingers at his batsmen for failing to bat out the day in order to force a draw, which would have given Zimbabwe a rare overseas series win. "With Test cricket, on a fifth-day wicket, it's always going to be a bit of both. There's going to be some bad shots in there and some unplayable balls as well on a last day wicket," he noted. "It was always going to be really hard to bat out the day, but guys still came out and applied themselves, guys still came out and tried really hard.

"It didn't work out in the end, but I can't fault the endeavour from the boys. I'm really proud of the efforts that they put in throughout this game. We were behind very early, but guys didn't give up and didn't throw the towel in. They kept fighting and they fought throughout the whole game. I was really happy with that."