For the second game in a row, rain arrived to trouble an Australia-India T20I contest. On Friday, it not only interrupted play but stopped it completely, with only 19 overs of play possible.

Australia had managed 132 for 7 in this period, making Indian pacer Khaleel Ahmed believe that it was a total his side could have chased down to level the three-match series. However, lamenting on the frustration of another rain-marred clash, he said, "Rain was a bit disappointing. It always spoils your momentum... In this match we bowled well and had restricted the opposition to a reasonably low total. We felt that we could bat well and win the game. Unfortunately, due to the rain... it's fine."

Despite the game ending without a result, there were a couple of takeaways for India. Among their latest experiments was to handle Khaleel the new ball along with Bhuvneshwar Kumar, and switching Jasprit Bumrah as the first change bowler. Explaining the logic of the team management, the left-arm pacer explained, "I thought I could swing the new ball. And it would have been good if I could swing the new ball and get wickets for the team. That's the confidence they (team management) gave me. I knew I had to make full use of the opportunity. (Fortunately) I got wickets."

Even as he proved to be the most expensive of the five bowlers, he accounted for the wickets of hard-hitting batters - Chris Lynn and D'Arcy Short in the Powerplay, and by the end of 7 overs had the hosts reduced to 41 for 4.

Despite a good start, India failed to cash in. For the second game in a row, the second half of the line up stood tall and took Australia's innings forward. Ben McDermott, batting at 6, stroked an unbeaten 30-ball 32, while Nathan Coulter-Nile and Andrew Tye also made valuable contributions, tonking 3 fours and 2 sixes in their combined 22-ball 30.

Even as he admitted that the Indian bowlers haven't been effective against Australia's lower order, he added that the limited practice time before the series hasn't helped the bowlers understand the conditions and plan effectively.

"When the lower order bats well and we leak runs, it is always disappointing as a bowler," he said. "We have bowled well to the top order and taken wickets. Now, we will also look to improve our bowling against the lower order.

"We didn't get that opportunity (to prepare) while playing against Australia. Our body is not used to that (bowling the lengths on Australian pitches). We haven't practised as much and jumped directly into matches; that too T20, which is a batsman's game. Against Australia, you have to bowl well till No 11 - because everyone can bat. You cannot relax after taking six wickets. We haven't prepared as well," he concluded.

However, with one game to go, India at best have an opportunity to level the series. With a better show at the MCG, Khaleel believes the team will rectify their errors and put up their best show in Sydney.