It took a while for Krunal Pandya to convince himself of his abilities after he conceded 55 runs off his four overs in the opening T20I in Brisbane, which Australia ended up winning by four runs. Having made his international debut in just the preceding series against the Windies, beginning his first overseas tour with an expensive outing wasn't the kind of start he expected and he admitted that it wasn't easy for him to put that out of his mind.

But he did eventually get over it, coming up with an economical show in the rained out affair in the second game at the MCG where he finished with figures of 1 for 26 from his four overs. Building on that confidence, the left-armer bagged 4 for 36 in India's series-levelling effort at the SCG to win his maiden Man of the Match award while also becoming the first spinner to pick up four wickets in a T20I in Australia.

"It was very difficult for me in the next 24 hours to convince myself," Krunal said at the press conference on Sunday (November 25), reflecting on his expensive start in Australia. "This was just my second series and my first time in Australia. They hammered me in my four overs for 53 [55]. To come out of that, it was not easy to be honest. It took me a while, I had to back myself much more.

"When you give 53 [55] runs, having hardly played games at this level, to come out of that I was really happy. Those kind of hurdles, when you overcome that you feel really good about it. As a bowler and as a player you have to understand that this is T20 format and it's part and parcel - one day you'll get hit, one day you'll pick up wickets. I'm happy the way I made my comeback and just want to continue this," Krunal said following India's six-wicket win.

As much as Krunal was instrumental in keeping Australia down to a total of 164 for 6, accounting for four of the Australian top five, he acknowledged the role played by Kuldeep Yadav. The chinaman bowler kept the pressure on from one end, conceding only 19 runs from his four overs and picked up a wicket, ending the T20I series with an economy of 5.5.

Speaking about bowling in partnership with Kuldeep, Krunal said: "It helps really well, he has bowled tremendously in this series. For me it becomes easier when your fellow spinner bowls really well. It actually helps when someone is putting a lot of pressure from the other end. When you bowl you have the opportunity to take wickets. Lot of credit goes to Kuldeep. Because of the pressure he mounted on the Australian batsmen, it helped me to get those wickets."

The good show from the Indian bowlers was complemented by the openers, who provided a blistering start to the chase to put the visitors in control of the game. However, when both Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma fell in quick succession, followed by the wickets of KL Rahul and Rishabh Pant a few overs later, India were in a spot at 108 for 4 in the 14th over. But Kohli and Dinesh Karthik ensured that they saw India through with an unbeaten 60-run stand.

"Obviously it went slightly tricky (in the latter part of the match). Initially, with the way we started we didn't think that it will go this close," said Krunal. "In the end, when Virat is there, he's done this a number of times. So we had the belief. Plus Dinesh was also there and I was also there, there were other batsmen as well. The belief was always there but having Virat in the middle is something different."