It had been a while Pakistan batted this way. After the fall of both openers within 10 overs and the pressure of saving the series, Azhar Ali and Haris Sohail resorted to the batting approach which made Pakistan an impregnable force in the UAE. During the course of their 126-run stand, which spanned across three sessions, they took the life out of the game by dead-batting everything ostensibly to tire out the bowlers.

On occasions they switched gears to find boundaries. And, when it looked almost impossible that the visitors will be able to add another wicket to their column as the day entered its final hours, it happened. Azhar pushed Ajaz Patel to mid-off and ran for a single only to be sent back by Sohail, who rather than looking at his partner gazed at the ball. With Azhar now a sitting duck in the middle of the wicket, Tim Southee threw the ball to BJ Watling and the wicketkeeper comfortably whipped off the bails.

This was only the seventh time in his eight-year Test career that Azhar had been run out. It could have been ignored had he not gotten run out in a bizarre fashion last month against Australia. Also, there's an ongoing scoring rut.

It had been 18 months since Azhar last scored a Test century. He was only 19 runs short of his career's 15th and getting into triple digits would certainly have been a huge relief. His average of 26.50 (including today's fifty) in 2018 is his second worst average in a year after his 19.28 in 2013. He averaged 42 last year and 63 (his best average in a year) in 2016. While it has been a struggle for him for the major portion of this year, Azhar has managed to turn things around of late. His 81 today marked his fourth fifty of the year, and his third fifty-plus score in his last four innings.

"He had the realisation," replied Azhar when he was asked how his interaction with Sohail went in the dressing room at the end of the day's play. "In the heat of the moment, one does get hurt. He is batting at the moment and should be supported that he goes on to play a big innings. Such stuff does happen. It was my call. The psyche of running between wickets is that the person who has the ball in his sight in front of him will call. I think Haris was not ready because of which he couldn't respond otherwise it was a very easy single.

"If we give a lot of emphasis on the run outs, it would lead to the lack of trust [amongst the batsmen]. Such things do happen. We should move on after such dismissals. We should learn from our mistakes. What happened in Abu Dhabi against Australia is not acceptable at all. This is a misunderstanding and it happens in cricket. We should try to minimise them but at the end of the day you shouldn't lose trust because you have to run with the same batsmen."

Pitches in the UAE, like any Asian country, are known for assisting spinners. But, that normally doesn't happen right way. It takes three days for the spinners to purchase sharp spin and bounce. But, in this series, spinners are getting assistance early on. The New Zealand spinners got purchase throughout the day. And what aggravated the situation further, for the batsmen, was that the ball did not only turn from the pace bowlers' foot marks. It spun from almost anywhere.

"It was not spinning like this on the first day when we played Australia in our last Test here," Azhar noted. "There was some spin in the first session but then it vanished. I think it is due to the tacky nature of this wicket. The ball is not only spinning from the rough but also from the centre of the pitch. If it continues like this then it is will be very good for us. We have spinners in Yasir Shah and Bilal Asif who can make the most of the condition."

On a venue where 251 is an average day one total, Pakistan managed 207 for loss of four wickets as they crawled at around two an over. It is a general notion that at least 450 is a good first innings score when playing in the UAE. But, with the wicket's behaviour so cheeky, it is tricky to gauge a decent first innings score.

"I think we are 20 to 25 runs short," Azhar said. "The pitch is not very fluent. There's spin in it. The pacers bowled straight with the fielders positioned in front. It becomes very difficult to bat with fielders there. So, they kept the pacers on for longer spells to keep us from scoring. You can score against spinners, even when there's turn, by improvisation and we could have pushed more against spinners. We, however, are sitting in a decent position. A score of 300 plus is a good one here."