It doesn't happen a lot but for a while, Australia were left scratching their heads to reach the proverbial "next step". The players, the support staff and everybody associated with the Southern Stars were unequivocal about what might constitute this next step. They accepted the demand that they had to furnish their reign atop the rankings table - in ODIs & T20Is - with silverware.

The Windies had outgunned them in the final of the 2016 World T20. Then Harmanpreet Kaur rained her fury in the semifinals of the 50-over World Cup in 2017. They'd been pipped at the post, or close to it, in the last two ICC events and to serial winners such as themselves, it was an unusual position to be in. The build-up of nervous tension explained the outpouring of joy from an otherwise equanimous Meg Lanning she took the winning single in Sunday's final of the World T20. The emotions spilled over in the the post-match flash interviews.

Reactions from the winning team:

Meg Lanning: The last two World Cups really hurt and we had to change a few things and move it forward. The group embraced it and it was a very satisfying win. The loss against India did not rock us - maybe a couple of years before it would have rocked us - but we were very calm. All the support staff did a great job and Aussie fans have travelled a long way. Ash said to me: 'no silly singles'. The last couple of World Cups did not go well for us, but we were ready today.

Ellyse Perry: It's a really special feeling. This has been a long 24 months. We have worked very hard. We have had so much fun. Everyone contributed and we enjoyed as a team. Hopefully, we will inspire young boys and young girls back home. It's been a huge pleasure to take the challenge. We have improved our game and it's been a wonderful journey for us.

Alyssa Healy: It's pretty special, we've worked hard in the last 12 months. Win or loss today, we're proud of the way we played. The 2010 World Cup in the Caribbean is my favourite, but this one could well top it. It takes us three days to get to the West Indies but it's a fun place to tour.

Megan Schutt: Pretty happy. I am trying to hold back my tears. It's pretty hard to hear Meg out there but it's a good distraction to have. I love noise so good crowd works for me.

Georgia Wareham: It's pretty unreal. Hasn't sunk in as yet, but yeah I'm gonna enjoy tonight. We were counting down the runs but we knew we would get over the line. It's been enormous for me to get a chance to perform on the world stage. The plan's to party all night right now.

Beth Mooney: Yeah, we've done well in the whole tournament. Consistent and clinical. The bowlers were good, backed up by the batsmen and especially [Asheligh] Gardner was fantastic hitting out in the end - awesome to watch from the sideline. It's important to go out there and play our game, and we complement each other really well in this team. Nice to go out there and playing with freedom, knowing we have players like Meg et al coming in at 4,5 and 6. It's been an amazing journey for Australian cricket. A lot of support from the public back home.

Delissa Kimmince: I'm pretty emotional to be honest. My journey has been very up and down so to make the starting XI is very emotional and very exciting. I used to go to the park with my dad and now to play on the world stage is amazing. Didn't really get a good sleep in. A long day, and it's time to reflect on my journey as well. I'd like to thank my family and friends and all the coaches I've had along the way. To my mum and dad, I know you're watching back home and I thank you guys.