Debutant off-spinner Nayeem Hasan grabbed the spotlight claiming a five-for to demolish West Indies in their first innings against Bangladesh at Chittagong on Friday. The 17-year-old offspinner comes as a breath of fresh air even in the spinners-filled Bangladesh national team because he doesn't fit the traditional mould of spinners produced in this part of the world.

Typically known to be backed for bowling with a defensive mentality trying to bowl on the pads in a diagonal direction, and not turning it big, Bangladesh's spinners have found ways that work well for them. But newest one on the block is cut from different cloth. That of finger spinners who had the courage and ability to invite the batsmen with their loop and flight as they had the confidence in their ability to turn the ball.

On Friday, Nayeem started his wreckage after lunch but it was the fifth delivery of his second over that seemed to give him the confidence at the Test level. As he saw Sunil Ambris stepping forward he offered a flighted delivery that beat the batsman in the air. Ambris managed to scramble back and save his wicket but it was the first indication of how Nayeem, who considers Nathan Lyon as his idol, would go about his business later in the day.

He began his demolition act after lunch by removing Roston Chase and continued to show his skill every now and then to trouble the opponent batsmen and eventually

picking 5-61 when he bowled Jomel Warrican. "The ball which I picked through cleanly bowling out [ Warrican] was my best wicket," said a shy looking Nayeem in front of a near house full reporters at the Zahur Ahmed Chowdhury Stadium. "I heard it while coming here," added the youngster, pleading ignorance about becoming the youngest debutant to pick up a five-wicket haul in Tests. "I have come [into the team] after taking the highest number of wickets in the National [Cricket] League. That experience has really helped me," he said.

So who is this young spinner taking Bangladesh by storm in his very first Test?

Nayeem came into cricketing limelight when he was included for Chittagong District Under-14 team but did not make the cut for the Divisional team in 2013. In 2015 he was eventually picked for divisional side on the back of 206 runs and 11 wickets. In the same year he was picked for the Bangladesh Under-17 team and since then has been groomed in the BCB age-level set-up. He was picked in the Under-19 side the last edition of ICC Under-19 World Cup but returned back home to get his maiden call-up in the Test squad against Sri Lanka.

Mominul Haque at Brothers Cricket Academy, Nayeem's first coach remembers him as a five-year-old batsman who bowled medium-pace initially.

"As he grew older and taller, I asked him to bowl off-spin as he was not strong enough to stay a pace bowler," says Mominul. The coach also rates Nayeem's obsession with the cricket as a major strength. "It helped because Nayeem was obsessed with the cricket ball. He had a lot of interest. The cricket ball is his life. He used to keep the ball in his bedside.

"I began my coaching career while I was still playing. I think Nayeem was either the seventh or eighth member of my academy. We used to call him the stump-size cricketer when he first came for practice," adds the coach. Back then, Mominul had to convince Nayeem's father - Mahbubul Alam - a ward-commissioner from the city's Chandgaon area who was unsure about cricket as a career for his son.

After Mominul's initial backing, Nayeem went on to work extensively with coach Mohammad Salahuddin, who is keeping his emotions under check despite the stellar debut by his ward. "I think it will take some more time to earn the control and accuracy but as a new bowler he bowled quite well. I think we all knew about his talent but how he uses it will dictate where he will reach in the end," says Salahuddin.

But even he cannot stop thinking about the promise that Nayeem holds.

"He has got the ability to do the over-spin and that is something we don't have in numbers. As he could do the over spin and have the got the ability extract some bounce due to his height it become difficult for the batsmen. I believe this will also make him get some advantage abroad," believes Salahuddin.

Whether that promise comes to fruition is to be answered by time, but for now, Bangladesh's spin unit has become just a little stronger thanks to the variety that Nayeem brings.