It was perhaps too early, barely an hour after stumps on day three, for Joe Root to decide if Test century number 15 was the best of the lot. However, he admits one thing could push it up to top spot - victory in the match and the series.

The captain's sublime 126 from 146 balls - featuring 12 boundaries, two of them sixes - has put England into a commanding third-innings position.

"It would be a very special one if we go on to win the game and win the series," declared Root. While England only have one wicket remaining, the tourists hold a hearty 278-run lead over Sri Lanka.

Positive intent from regular openers Rory Burns and Keaton Jennings saw the host's overnight lead of 46 knocked off with little fuss.

As the main driver behind this more attacking approach to combat spin, Root has not quite managed to execute what he has been preaching. This hundred, his second in Asia, was a shining example of this mantra. So, too, the work of Burns and Jennings and the rest of the middle order.

"We said we were going to play a certain manner in these conditions," said Root. "It was really pleasing to see inexperienced guys as Test cricketers really set the benchmark for the rest of the group.

"When you make a statement like that you feel you have to play in that manner. It suits the group, the players we have and you have to play to strengths. Especially on difficult surfaces when there's extreme spin like here."

Along with buying into positivity, today showed just how much the players have embraced the sweep shot. Of England's 324 second innings runs, 114 came via a sweep, whether orthodox or reverse.

"From my point of view, it (the sweep) was almost a safer shot than playing the forward defensive.

"With the amount the ball was turning, there's a lot of risk involved in that. At times attack is the best form of defence on a wicket like that. We got the balance right."

So, is 278 enough? Root would like to think so. But the pitch, as he showed, rewards patience and still allows batsmen to play their shots. It can also confuse a bowler, at times offering more turn than necessary.

Another factor that will affect how it might play on day four was the thunderstorms that closed out day three forty minutes early. Play will begin 15-minutes earlier to make up for the time lost, with 96 overs to be bowled. A belting finale is on the cards and an England win - if, says Root, they can keep their cool.

"As a bowler you feel like you're in the game all the time. But both sides have managed to make good scores on that surface.

"At times maybe we overreacted with the fields we set and weren't patient enough in building good amounts of dot balls and restricting boundaries in that first innings. That might be a lesson to learn going into tomorrow.

"It'll be interesting to see how that pitch looks with the amount of moisture that will be created from this little storm and it sweating overnight. The most important thing to us is we have to adapt well to that and read what's happening very quickly."