Mominul Haque bossed another opposition at the Zahur Ahmed Chowdhury Stadium, scoring his sixth Test century in just his eighth game at the venue as Bangladesh continued on the solid foundation laid down in the first session. Mominul's milestone also puts him on par with Tamim Iqbal for most centuries in the format by a Bangladesh batsman (eight).

After getting his half-century in the first innings - where he also added a 104-run stand with Imrul Kayes to revive the team from the early jolt of Soumya Sarkar's first-over dismissal - Mominul carried on in similar vein post the Lunch break. The scoring rate dipped in the first hour of the second session as Mominul looked to forge another long alliance with a new batting partner.

Mohammad Mithun, who arrived at the stroke of Lunch following Kayes's dismissal, found life tough against the pace of Shannon Gabriel, batting out 16 dot balls against him. Mithun's idea of compensating for it was to try and throw the spinners off-guard with his cross-batted swipes, which eventually led to his downfall. An abysmal attempt to slog sweep Devendra Bishoo against the turn resulted in a leading edge that he'll want to avoid watching in the dressing room. Shane Dowrich had enough time to run forward and get under the ball, call for it and complete a simple take.

Mominul meanwhile enjoyed the rub of the green as Windies continued to be ordinary on the field, and particularly in the slip cordon. Bishoo got Mominul to nick one but Dowrich couldn't get his gloves behind that one. After relying heavily on Roston Chase and Jomel Warrican in the morning session, Kraigg Brathwaite swore by the skills of Bishoo in the second session as the leggie. Bishoo on his part, was menacing and troubled Shakib Al hasan to a great extent at the start of the skipper's innings, leaving him in two minds on whether to play on the front foot or rock back deep inside the crease.

The post-Lunch session oscillated from scratchy to fluent in short bursts for the hosts. The first hour of the session had Bangladesh scoring at about three-an-over as Mithun was still trying to settle in. Once Shakib replaced him and rode past the early wobble thanks to Bishoo, he too played his shots. Shakib and Mominul added 49 runs in the first 10 overs after the drinks break. They soon went easy on the boundary hitting and slowed down a touch to take Bangladesh to 216 for 3 at the Tea break.

Brief Scores: Bangladesh 216/3 (Mominul Haque 116*,Imrul Kayes 44; Kemar Roach 1-34) vs Windies.