Australia have drafted Mitchell Starc into the squad for the third and final T20I of the ongoing series against India as a replacement for the injured Billy Stanlake.

Stanlake suffered a moderate grade ankle sprain during a catching drill ahead of the washed-out second T20I in Melbourne. He was replaced by Nathan Coulter-Nile for the game and has now been ruled out of the final game in Sydney with Starc taking his place in the 13-man squad.

Starc, 28, last played an international T20 game in September 2016, with his last home game in the format coming further back in 2014. The left-arm pacer, who was originally rested for this three-match T20I assignment against India, turned out for his state side New South Wales in the last round of Sheffield Shield fixtures against Queensland.

He was expected to sit out the next round of the first class competition in a bid to prepare independently for the start of next month's four-Test series against India, but those plans have been slightly altered with this late call-up.

"(Starc has) got so much experience in the limited-overs games as well and we've seen how dominant he can be when he gets it right with the ball," captain Aaron Finch said on Saturday (November 24). "We'll have a look at the wicket this afternoon and discuss the side but coming straight off a Shield game with an eye on the first Test, his preparations will be really good."

Finch also had words of comfort for the injured Stanlake, whose injury he learnt about only "halfway out for the toss". Stanlake was occasionally sharp in Australia's win in the series opener at Brisbane and claimed the match-turning wicket of Shikhar Dhawan. The Queensland speedster will now return to action next month with the Adelaide Strikers in the Big Bash League.

"He started to find some really good rhythm in Brisbane and he's been around the mark for quite a while," Finch said. "He obviously had a tough tour of England and to come back and have that time to get his body right and start to feel good again, it's unfortunate he tripped on the rope and went straight over."

Australia lead the three-match T20I series 1-0. The final game will be played on Sunday (November 25) at the Sydney Cricket Ground.

Squad: Aaron Finch(c), Alex Carey, Ashton Agar, Jason Behrendorff, Nathan Coulter-Nile, Chris Lynn, Glenn Maxwell, Ben McDermott, D Arcy Short, Marcus Stoinis, Andrew Tye, Adam Zampa, Mitchell Starc