Bangladesh skipper Shakib Al Hasan hailed young spinner Nayeem Hasan and veteran Taijul Islam's contributions in helping Bangladesh win the first Test in Chittagong by 64 runs against Windies.

While the 17-year-old returned wicketless in the second essay, in the first innings he bagged a fifer which allowed Bangladesh to take a crucial 74-run lead.

"We have some quality spinners. When it's difficult to extract help from the wicket, our bowling might not seem to be as effective. But we will do very well when we get some help from the wicket," said Shakib.

However, he wants the young bowlers to develop better game sense as they progress. "(Sometimes) a bowler might not get wicket while another bowler is taking wickets at the other end. So to choke the flow of runs from his end and to help his partner in such cases is the kind of mentality we need to develop. Our spinners will do much better once they learn to use this game sense and play according to the situations.

"All of our spinners are attacking bowlers. Sometimes it becomes difficult for us to bowl defensively. We have to learn to restrict runs from one end to give the attacking opportunity to the bowler from the other end."

While praising Nayeem, the skipper added that the ability of their spinners to bat allows Bangladesh to have more depth in their batting and more variety in their bowling. "The good thing is that having four proper spinners is not reducing the number of batsmen. All of us can come and take wicket at any time.

"Nayeem bowled brilliantly as a debutant. The wicket was not so helpful yesterday, but he bowled very well. I think he has a great future ahead. But he might need to learn some things very quickly and he will learn it as he continues to play. What I figured out is that he is very brave."

He also reserved special praise for Taijul, who bagged a six-fer in the second innings to bowl out Windies for 139 and stop them 65 runs short of the target. The slow left-armer has been on an impressive run since his comeback trail. He had picked up 18 wickets in the recently-concluded two-match series against Zimbabwe and led the attack superbly in the absence of Shakib.

"The best thing about him [Taijul] is that he works very hard on his bowling. We had said that he was our best bowler in the first innings despite getting only one wicket. Sometimes it happens that a bowler is bowling well but isn't getting a wicket. We know these things and we appreciate small things in the dressing room. I know that the team management and the players will understand it. He bowled brilliantly. I would like him to bowl similarly in the next Test. I hope he gets five wickets in both innings."

Shakib also defended his batsmen's performance in the second innings, where they were bundled out for 125. He added that the team was ready for a low-scoring clash after looking at the pitch on the opening day.

A game that wrapped up in less than three full days of play owing to 32 wickets falling on Day 2 and 3, saw Bangladesh notch up 324 in the first innings. Even as the spinners set up the win bagging all the 20 Windies wickets, it was their batting that allowed them to have the cushion and put pressure on the opposition. In a low-scoring encounter, Mominul Haque's century stood out and was awarded with the Player of the Match.

Till two matches ago, there were serious concerns regarding Bangladesh's flop shows with the bat, having notched up a streak of eight innings without putting up 200 on the board. However, over the course of the last two games, they seemed to have worked on their drawbacks.

Even as Bangladesh were bundled out for 125 in their second essay, Shakib believes there is no cause to panic. "There is no need to worry about our batting (in the second innings) although I think we could've done better in the second innings, but these things happen on such wickets and we were aware of it," the Bangladesh skipper told reporters after the opening Test match.

"On this kind of a wicket, a team can collapse in one innings and we were prepared for it. We knew it could happen but it was important to make sure we didn't fail in the first innings with the bat.

"There were small partnerships that helped us. Our total in the first innings was the biggest advantage we had because we knew it would not be high-scoring game once we saw the wicket on the first day."

While Bangladesh took a 1-0 lead in the two-match series, Shakib also reached some personal landmarks. Having picked up five wickets in the match, he became the first Bangladesh bowler to have reached the 200-wicket club. Having achieved the feat in his 54th Test, he also became the quickest to 3000 runs and 200 wickets, eclipsing Ian Botham - who reached it in his 55th Test - to the record.

However, he said that the personal milestone would have meant for little had Bangladesh not won the match. "I wouldn't feel good to reach 200 wickets if we didn't manage to win. So, now I am feeling great. When you win a match, it escalates the level of happiness."