It was a case of ifs and buts for the Indian team in the Women's World T20 after they crashed out of the tournament following a massive eight-wicket thrashing at the hands of England in the semifinal on Thursday (November 22). Batting first, all India could manage on a tricky surface was 112 with the team failing to bat out the full quota of overs. Despite losing two wickets early, England coasted to the finish line with 17 balls to spare as both Amy Jones and Natalie Sciver registered unbeaten half-centuries.

Indian skipper Harmanpreet Kaur revealed that she still believed that the side had it in them to defend 112 but conceded that they could have scored more after opting to bat. "Definitely it was not enough to tell you," Harmanpreet said. "But still I had enough faith that, if we could have bowled better, we could've won the game. But it's part of the game sometimes. I think if we had 140-150 then definitely we would have won the game."

The moment the batting line-up collapsed, losing their way completely in the last 6-7 overs, questions centered around the team management's decision to leave out experienced campaigner Mithali Raj out of the playing XI. In the two innings that she batted in the tournament, Mithali went past fifty on both occasions but her inability to come up with the big shots did raise some concerns. She missed India's previous outing against Australia with an injury concern, which India won comfortably.

Harmanpreet mentioned that the management wanted to stick with the same combination and opted for an aggressive option in the middle order instead of Mithali, who she felt would have been best utilised as an opener. "We did really well against Australia, and that is the reason we just wanted to go with the same combination," Kaur noted. "She (Raj) opens. We need someone after Smriti (Mandhana) and me who can bat for us. Sometimes you click, sometimes it doesn't click."

Despite their semifinal exit, India would have been pleased with the way things went earlier in the tournament, winning all four group games by comfortable margins. The 29-year-old was pleased with her side's brand of cricket, which according to her was the biggest takeaway from the tournament. "I think the way we play - the aggressive cricket," she pointed out when asked about the positives. "I think earlier we were very different, a defensive team, and now we are attacking. These are things we would like to take away."